Let's add the sign in logic and for that, I'll create a new function, export const auth sign in, here
I will also get my auth data
and then just well do that,
sign the user in.
I can copy my code from auth sign up here
and paste it into auth sign in. Now if we copy that much code and a lot of that will never change,
this might not be the best way of doing that right,
so let's revert this and let's remove the auth sign in part here,
let's instead change auth sign up here to behave differently.
Maybe we stick to try auth and we just change the tiny part we want to change in this if statement and
then continue with the same code we always want to use. So I'll cut dispatch
UI start loading and add it here instead in try auth at the beginning and then I simply want to change
the url we're sending the request to
because if we have a hook at the firebase docs and we click on sign in with email and password, we see
that it actually gets the same body payload, email, password and return secure token,
it's the same method and the same content type as the sign up request is.
The only difference is the url,
well that makes it easy to reuse, right.
All we have to do in our action creator is that we create some url variable here which by default
can be the login url,
so let's grab them from firebase, go to sign in and grab that url,
it differs here by this part,
here it says verify password, for signing up
it says sign up new user,
so that we grab this url and assign it here. That we of course also use our API key though I
can store it in a const here, API key and simply store this string we already copied down there
in a string here and then we can construct this url by setting the key equal to plus API key and I then
just need to check if the auth mode might be sign up,
so I revert this and I need no else part because here remember, this url is for signing in.
So now I check if we might have a sign up case,
In this case I would change the url to use this url from down there instead,
so I'll copy that url, add it here and also add the API key here at the end.
And with that, we control the only thing that does change, the url.
And with that we can then copy or cut all the code from down there and remove this auth sign up action
which we no longer need, this action creator and just execute it here and replace the hardcoded url in the
fetch method with our url variable which now will target either the sign up or the sign in endpoint.
And as I said, the payload we send is the same,
it also doesn't matter here, we handle errors in the same way
and we want to redirect to our main tabs if we did sign in successfully or sign up.
So let's try this, if I save this code, save all the files and I reload this, let's try login with the
credentials you used for signing up, so make sure to get these right, submit and we're forwarded.
Now let's use different credentials,
so maybe a correct password, email address but a wrong password,
now I get an error.
If I now switch to sign up and I use a new e-mail address and correct passwords, if I now hit submit,
this also works.
And now you will also see that if you check out your authentication screen and refresh this, you got
two users.
So this is all working,
the one thing we're not doing is we're not using the response,
this strange token which I said that it would be important.
Now let's focus on this next because now we're logged in,
now we want to make sure that the resources we have on our server,
so here in the database in our custom cloud function, that we only can access them if we do have a
valid token.
Now let's first of all see in the next lecture how we can enforce this token to be present on the backend
before we then learn how to store and manage and use the token on the frontend.